Working Groups Documentation (#1)
isabela-pf/napari: docs/community/working_groups.md

# Working Groups  

> Working groups are to

Author: ```suggestion
## What are working groups?
## Working group responsibilities
Working groups are to
```

> - Have a regular public meeting (bonus points for it being on the napari community calendar). 

Author: ```suggestion
- Have a regular public meeting and have it posted on the napari community calendar. 
```

Required meeting frequency is still a question here. I personally think a minimum of once a month sounds fair to account for any unusual events without disbanding a working group right away. Meeting at least every other week does sound like it'd be more helpful on a regular basis though.

- Create (and regularly—like annually—reevaluate) a working group charter that includes actionable goals
- Present updates at at least one of the napari community meetings (done by at least one working group member)
- Maintain and publicly store the working group’s meeting minutes
- Have members actively working towards goals set forth in the charter
- Reach out to an collaborate with other open source communities to bring new expertise to the project (when relevant)

> - @LCObus also had the idea of working groups being in charge of collecting user-centric questions that might be suited towards a user experience research survey.

Author: ```suggestion
- Collect user-centric questions that might be suited towards a user experience research survey.
```

# Working Group  

> 

Author: ```suggestion
This an example!
```

Author: ```suggestion
Working groups are to
- Have a regular public meeting (bonus points for it being on the napari community calendar). 
Required meeting frequency is still a question here. I personally think a minimum of once a month sounds fair to account for any unusual events without disbanding a working group right away. Meeting at least every other week does sound like it'd be more helpful on a regular basis though.

- Create (and regularly—like annually—reevaluate) a working group charter that includes actionable goals
- Present updates at at least one of the napari community meetings (done by at least one working group member)
- Maintain and publicly store the working group’s meeting minutes
- Have members actively working towards goals set forth in the charter
- Reach out to an collaborate with other open source communities to bring new expertise to the project (when relevant)
- @LCObus also had the idea of working groups being in charge of collecting user-centric questions that might be suited towards a user experience research survey.
- Have a way for the community to stay in contact with/work with people who work on napari as a job to make sure there is support for any tasks that might take a lot of bandwidth. 
```
